Welcome to Under Pressure by Water Pump Games!

In this file you will be provided with all the game instructions for each level as well as how to navigate between screens.

Press “PLAY” to play Under Pressure! Levels will be unlocked as you proceed through the game. To navigate through all screens, you will 
need to click with the mouse unless otherwise specified.

In Level 1, you will learn about where academic stress comes from, how it can affect you, and how you can minimize it. 
To switch between screens all you need to do is click the mouse.

In Level 2, you will be bombarded with people who are pressuring you and throwing bad comments at you. You want to push them away
in order to avoid loosing all of your lives. Bad comments will make your heart break and a good comment will restore your heart. 
Press the left and right arrow keys to move from side to side, and press either the up or down arrow keys to push away people. 
To advance from the level instruction screen you may just press any button. You die and must restart if you are hit by 3 negative 
comments. You win by pushing away all the negative people.

In Level 3, you will live a week of the life of a high-school student. Each day, you will be faced with different 
scenarios in which you will have to stop the slider where, based on your learning, you are doing the right amount of studying 
and playing. Be careful, if you choose to study too much your mental health will decrease. However, if you choose to play too 
much, your grades will drop. For each day you must use your mouse and click anywhere on the screen to start the slider and then 
click again to stop the slider.

If you complete the third level successfully you will be sent to a win screen where you can input your name to save your score. You must
replace the text in the box with your name and then press enter.

After you beat the game you may navigate through all the levels again if you choose, or you can exit at anytime by clicking the exit 
button on the main menu screen.